What did you learn during this project?

  We learned many aspects of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.
  None of us were overly familiar with web development but we decided that working with an API would be very rewarding.
  In particular, we spent many many many hours researching how JSON objects worked, flexbox concepts, and general web development style.
  Another thing that we came to quickly learn was that JavaScript is an asynchronous language.
  Code ran simultaneously and we had to learn how to use async/await very quickly, in addition to that, promises, fetch, and ajax.

What did you enjoy during this project?

  Honestly, despite how long it would take, debugging an external API on our code was immensely satisfying.
  Things would break and we would have no clue how or where to approach the issue and since we were working on a relativly unknown API we had to work our own solutions.
  Bouncing ideas off of each other and testing them in real-time on VSCode Live Share allowed us to quickly iterate and improve our code.
  In addition, just being able to work with others lightened the load off of each of our individual shoulders a lot. Creating a less stressful assignment.

What did you find challenging or frustrating during this project?

  Runtime and Fetch. This was the first time for many of us to work with networking and fetch programs.
  We ran into many issues where we wouldn't be getting what we expected in the JSON file, or the JSON file was simply undefined.
  Code ran before we finished our API calls or just simple things like our editor not catching us misspelling a JSON key leading to minutes of searching for the error.
  Runtime was a real issue for us and even with the finished product, we believe it could be improved.
  Originally we had a very disturbing runtime of almost 2+ minutes! We managed to bring it down to around 30 to 45
  seconds.

What did you find particularly helpful for your learning during this project?

  This project showed us how important good documentation is in your code.
  We would be in a significantly worse place if it weren't for the API being so carefully documented and explained on what each of its functions did.
  Comments and design documents in the API's source code allowed us to understand what was happening when we interfaced with it and if we didn't understand
  we could dig deeper to find a solution.